
==== NAME ====

HTML::GenToc - Generate a Table of Contents for HTML documents.


==== VERSION ====

This describes version ``2.31'' of HTML::GenToc.


==== DESCRIPTION ====

HTML::GenToc generates anchors and a table of contents for HTML documents.
Depending on the arguments, it will insert the information it generates, or
output to a string, a separate file or STDOUT.

While it defaults to taking H1 and H2 elements as the significant elements
to put into the table of contents, any tag can be defined as a significant
element. Also, it doesn't matter if the input HTML code is complete, pure
HTML, one can input pseudo-html or page-fragments, which makes it suitable
for using on templates and HTML meta-languages such as WML.

Also included in the distrubution is hypertoc, a script which uses the
module so that one can process files on the command-line in a user-friendly
manner.


==== REQUIRES ====

The installation of this module requires ``Module::Build''. The module
depends on ``HTML::SimpleParse'' and uses ``Data::Dumper'' for debugging
purposes. The hypertoc script depends on ``Getopt::Long'',
``Getopt::ArgvFile'' and ``Pod::Usage''. Testing of this distribution
depends on ``Test::More''.


==== INSTALLATION ====

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Build.PL
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

Or, if you're on a platform (like DOS or Windows) that doesn't like the "./"
notation, you can do this:

   perl Build.PL
   perl Build
   perl Build test
   perl Build install

In order to install somewhere other than the default, such as in a directory
under your home directory, like "/home/fred/perl" go

   perl Build.PL --install_base /home/fred/perl

as the first step instead.

This will install the files underneath /home/fred/perl.

You will then need to make sure that you alter the PERL5LIB variable to find
the modules, and the PATH variable to find the script.

Therefore you will need to change: your path, to include
/home/fred/perl/script (where the script will be)

        PATH=/home/fred/perl/script:${PATH}

the PERL5LIB variable to add /home/fred/perl/lib

        PERL5LIB=/home/fred/perl/lib:${PERL5LIB}


==== AUTHOR ====

Kathryn Andersen (RUBYKAT) http://www.katspace.com

Based on htmltoc by Earl Hood ehood AT medusa.acs.uci.edu


==== COPYRIGHT ====

Copyright (C) 1994-1997 Earl Hood, ehood AT medusa.acs.uci.edu Copyright (C)
2002-2004 Kathryn Andersen

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for
more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass
Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.

